The whole group stood in front of the gate to the Esper world. They knew the trials they were about to face. Terra was behind that portal, wielding Cid Whyte's spear. They knew they may not all make it, and that they may all die.

Yet, here they were. Xepscern, Rose, Seraph, Thuree'wun, Demise, Seyicer, Dante, Champ, Alekssander, Liz, CL, Dusk, Ken, and Kadden. After defeating the esper in the trap Leon put them in, thee group made their way to Dalmasca and Midgar, to gather the weapons used by the old heroes. Fortunately, they found two spear one for Cl, and one for Xepscern, despite it not being as powerful as Cid Whyte's, while Thuree'wun still had his. They also found a scythe for Seraph, a deck of cards for Liz, a claymore for Kadden, a magically-infused blade for Alekssander, a axe-like sword for Rosa, a hammer for Champ, two katanas, one each for Dante and Seyicer, and five swords, two each for Dusk and Demise, and a giant one for Kin.

After retrieving the weapons, they reunited in Baron castle, where the portal that leads closest to Terra was. Along the way, they found Albert, passed out. They rushed him to the castle's infirmary. Then, they made their way to the portal.

They entered the Esper world, and found themselves right in front of the castle. "Let's go," Rose said quitly, as they rushed in. Soon, they found themselves in the anteroom to the throne. Standing there, guarding, was Leon.

"Well, congradulations," Leon said. "You guys made it. Too bad your about to perish." He then snapped his fingers, and summoned three Espers. The heroes then began to battle them. After an hour, the three Espers were dead, leaving just Leon. "Hey, you guys won't kill me, right?"

All of a sudden, Xepscern jumped and landed on Leon, killing him instantly. "Take that, you bastard," he said quitely. "Come on, let's go." They rushed in the room, were Terra was sitting on her throne. She had Cid's Lance in her hand. She came after the group, screaming and charging.

After a good two hours of fighting (take that, Yiazmit!), Terra was still going strong. Only CL, Xepscern, Seraph, and Rose still stood, while the others were knocked out. All of a sudden, a bolt of blue light hit Terra, killing her. The light landed on the ground, and the glow started to fade, revealing to be Cloud. Rose ran up to him, crying.

"Come on, were going home", she said, as she pulled Cloud with her.

"I can't," he said. "Terra isn't dead. I have to stay here and controll her."

"Come on," Xepscern screamed. He used a mega-phoenix, reviving everyone. The rest of the party was in in Baron. "Come on!"

"Go, now!," Cloud said, as he went over to attack Terra. Xepscern grabbed Rose, and carried her out. The portal then sealed.

The rest of the party made their way to Dalmasca. Rose was still where the portal was, crying. Xepscern walked up to her.

"Come on, we gotta go"

"I can't! I lost my mom, Cloud..."

"I understand your pain," he said. Just then, a portal opened up. Cloud came out, and went up to Rose.

"I seperated myself from the Esper inside of me," Cloud said. "Now,let's go home." He picked up Rose, and they walked to Dalmasca together.